the strange accent that is don't
understand half the people in this town
every way
two
get some last I can
the speed
don't see
took my
son
Oh
want some
one summer
to tell me
get some last dog
new the sand
you
I see
you're here
one
this
want some
so ever come away come on me too
I get so lost I can decide this people
don't see
my summer
Oh
have you have you broken any of these
rules today yeah today you've been
petting today we've got to sell a
self-confessed pass up any way from the
evidence your beer it's only two years
Emily I never forgets you you'll know
that don't you I never never forget you
what was it anything I can't remember
your bathroom everywhere else hey guys
if you need life preservers wait for two
years now just a pack of lies never
believe anything at jeff says to it was
just like they're all lies of course
order a purple wristband because five
minutes left in the pool other than it
times up but I gas is a great deal with
this movie ends like this one kids are
having a ball we're all meeting up here
for wine by a river is like really
really cool everything this place is
just like what we meant oh it's been
absolutely fantastic it's exactly what
Durham needs not a day like this is
already it's just a perfect family day
out and it's free so what more you
haven't offered brilliant that's all
they that means every year which on
presumably to it will be back
you